I am from a family with 11 members. I am the second eldest one in my family. That gave me a chance to go to secondary school and get my higher education certificate in a country that struggles with civil war and lack of peace. 

Before I finished school, I worked with a small English college in Mogadishu, helping them make digital advertising. However, I was not very clever at that time, but I could probably do it because I got my first computer when I was 14 years old. It was tough to get a laptop that ages in Somalia. I fell in love with that computer, and I was amazed at how this works and what makes him so intelligent.

at that time, my country was struggling with many problems like civil war, lack of quality education, and non-social awareness of what the terrorists were doing in our country

so I thought I could at least make a change and solve these problems using accurate world technology applications like AI and some other tech stuff, but these require a lot of time and hard-working, and it is not just a piece of cake
 
in 2018 was the time that I made my best decision ever in my life because when I was working with the small English college, I saved some money and felt that I could begin my bachelor degree, but my parents suggested me not to leave that college and work with them although I was respecting my parents' suggestion I had a lot of plans in my future, and that was to go outside of the country and start my first degree in an Asian country because they are somewhat cheap and better them my country as I thought

So I decided to go to Bangladesh and start my bachelor's degree in computer science and engineering at Dhaka international university. When I arrived in Bangladesh and started, I met many foreign people, making me so happy. I like talking with people and listening to their unique stories and suggestions.

at the same time, I was working with a company named kulmis wholesales and organization based in Norway for volunteer even I was working as a freelancer in Fiverr, and I was doing web designing the front end and backend, and that allowed me to help my young brothers for their financial needs and to decide where I will face my master degree so took more time to decide a country which I can get all my needs also I am ready to face challenges and obstacles because I believe a world without challenges is just an illusion

so as far as I know UK is a place where every individual is respected and well treated and has a multi-cultural atmosphere that is difficult to find in any other country and to meet people from all over the world and experience a diverse culture so I decided to find an opportunity to study in the UK and develop my ideas to help my people and my family 

To summarize everything mentioned above, I reckon that I am that one person who is worthy of getting the allowance to enter the university. The main reason for that is my strong motivation to implicate the knowledge I’m supposed to get while studying, into the life of people around the world. As I mentioned before, I have such goals and a number of gained skills. Being admitted to the university may support my intentions and help me to develop the abilities I’ve already had. Moreover, I feel that this is a place where I must improve myself. I have a lot of familiar students and their stories about studying and university life impress me every time I hear them. My plans are global and I can make them real while studying and after graduating as I will have resources and experience. 

 

